docs/standardsSection (#99)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/introduction.md

# The LUKSO Standard Proposals (LSPs)

> ---

Reviewer: I would prefer to be consistent with formatting.

Pages currently don't use an horizontal line after the title, why would this page have an horizontal line and not the other ones?

I recommend to not add this `---` (same for other pages in this PR)

Topics related to **identity**, **assets representation** and **smart contract interaction** should be standardized. They should be done in a flexible way that supports more potentiel use-cases in the future.

The following documentation describes the fundamentals of the standards and technical aspects of the ecosystem. Please join the [#standards](https://discord.com/channels/359064931246538762/620552532602912769) channel in LUKSO Discord server, our team and members of the community look forward to helping you understand the standards.

## What these standards represent ?

They represent the **main building blocks** that could be used by people, groups and organizations to build blockchain-based applications along with the ability to maximize the user experience, allow more flexibility and interaction and open doors to hundreds of ideas that could be built on top.

These standards are translated into smart contracts code provided by **LUKSO**, they represent the **default implementation** knowing that in the future people could derive from these contracts and implement their custom logic.

> The smart contract implementation of these standards is described [here](./smart-contracts/01-introduction.md).

Reviewer: to improve SEO, try to not put the link on the `here` word.

```suggestion
The smart contract implementation of these standards is described in the [Contracts Implementation](./smart-contracts/01-introduction.md) section.
```

## LSPs Foundation

> This section lists and shortly describes the first ten standards that represent the foundation of **LUKSO's ecosystem**, including new topics introduced like **blockchain-based accounts** also-know-as **UniversalProfiles** and **Digital Assets and NFT 2.0**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section lists and shortly describes the first ten standards that represent the foundation of **LUKSO's ecosystem**, including new topics introduced like **blockchain-based accounts** also-know-as **UniversalProfiles**, **Digital Assets** and **NFT 2.0**. 
```
